RHDHBUGS-3305: Node_env environment variable procedure may not need to be included in rhdh-local section (#2420)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/ref-use-rhdh-local-to-test-installing-plugins-by-using-extensions.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="use-rhdh-local-to-test-installing-plugins-by-using-extensions_{context}"]
= Use {product-local-very-short} to test installing plugins by using Extensions

[role="_abstract"]
{product-local-very-short} provides a ready-to-use environment for testing the Extensions feature without additional configuration. Extensions is enabled by default, allowing you to install and test plugins directly from the {product-very-short} web interface.

[IMPORTANT]
====
{company-name} maintains {product-local-very-short} as an open source project, but does not support it or subject it to any service level agreement (SLA). There is no official, or commercial support for {product-local-very-short}. Use {product-local-very-short} at your own risk.

{product-local-very-short} is NOT a substitute for {product}. It's intended use is for development and testing purposes only, not for production use.

{product-local-very-short} is designed for individual developers to try out various {product-very-short} features, not for use by development teams as there is no out-of-the-box RBAC support.
====

> For information about installing and using {product-local-very-short} to manage plugins through the Extensions UI, see link:https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-local/blob/main/docs/rhdh-local-guide/dynamic-plugins-management.md[Managing plugins from the UI] in the {product-local-very-short} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about installing and using {product-local-very-short} to manage plugins through the Extensions UI, see link:https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-local/blob/release-{product-version}/docs/rhdh-local-guide/dynamic-plugins-management.md[Managing plugins from the UI] in the {product-local-very-short} documentation.
```

Should ideally point to the correct release branch.
